com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/MailService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.MailService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/AirPort/WroclawSchedule.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.AirPort.WroclawSchedule
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/PaymentService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.PaymentService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/MovieStory.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.MovieStory
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/AirPort/Flight.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.AirPort.Flight
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/OrderProcessor.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.OrderProcessor
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/AirPort/Main.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.AirPort.Main
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/Product.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.Product
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/PaymentDto.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.PaymentDto
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/RequestRetriever.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.RequestRetriever
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/AirPort/FlightScheduleProcessor.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.AirPort.FlightScheduleProcessor
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/User.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.User
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/OrderPayment.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.OrderPayment
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/ExtraFoodShop.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.ExtraFoodShop
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/OrderService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.OrderService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/AirPort/GdanskSchedule.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.AirPort.GdanskSchedule
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/Application.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.Application
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/InformationService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.InformationService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/Main.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.Main
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/CompanyTemplate.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.CompanyTemplate
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/Menu.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.Menu
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/ProductOrderRepository.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.ProductOrderRepository
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/AirPort/CracowSchedule.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.AirPort.CracowSchedule
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/OrderRequestRetriever.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.OrderRequestRetriever
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/InformationService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.InformationService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/OrderRepository.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.OrderRepository
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/ExtraFoodShopMenu.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.ExtraFoodShopMenu
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/OrderDto.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.OrderDto
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/MailService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.MailService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/OrderProcess.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.OrderProcess
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/AirPort/Cities.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.AirPort.Cities
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/CompanyService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.CompanyService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/User.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.User
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/Application.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.Application
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Allegro/OrderRequest.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Allegro.OrderRequest
