com/kodilla/patterns/enums/hotel/PriceList.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.enums.hotel.PriceList
com/kodilla/patterns/singleton/SettingsFileEngine.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.singleton.SettingsFileEngine
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/Board.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.Board
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/Task.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.Task
com/kodilla/patterns/enums/hotel/HotelApp.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.enums.hotel.HotelApp
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/library/Library.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.library.Library
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/TasksList.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.TasksList
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/library/Prototype.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.library.Prototype
com/kodilla/patterns/singleton/Logger.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.singleton.Logger
com/kodilla/patterns/PatternsRunner.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.PatternsRunner
com/kodilla/patterns/enums/hotel/Season.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.enums.hotel.Season
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/Prototype.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.Prototype
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/library/Book.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.library.Book
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/Customer.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.Customer
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/BalancedPredictor.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.BalancedPredictor
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/AgressivePredictor.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.AgressivePredictor
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/IndividualCustomer.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.IndividualCustomer
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/BuyPredictor.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.BuyPredictor
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/ConservativePredictor.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.ConservativePredictor
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/IndividualYoungCustomer.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.IndividualYoungCustomer
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/CorporateCustomer.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.CorporateCustomer
